Ah, Xixi, here you are.
Mom, how did you become like this?
Isn't a straight line better?
Why did it suddenly become like this?
Xixi
Mom is useless
Can't protect
If Ouhe bullies you in the future
You go find
Gu Jiangde is finished, don't say it
You're gonna be okay
I'm going to ask a kung fu man now
I said he let you go
Hey, don't go to me.
Take care of yourself in the future
I'm tired I'm going to sleep for a while
302 The cute woman seems to be dying
Now I even need to breathe
That's weird.
Wasn't it still alive and knitted some time ago?
Isn't it just a kidney disease?
How can it recover quickly?
It's almost recovered
I heard that I changed the medicine and stopped the treatment.
This is what happens.
Oh why did you stop peeing for my mom?
Who made you disobedient?
It is your blessing that Butler Zhang's nephew likes you.
How dare you resist
Let Wu Jinghan save you
I met Lu Qianhan by accident
Not anymore.
No.
Please restore my mother's honor